thank you hey buck what you do nothing
what you up to Cletus hunting huh what
retirees now I'll just stuck the windows
and Tenant tires burn me ah that was you
is the season for it I don't give a shit
about no season oh good I don't let the
regulations get you down that's what I'm
saying hey you want to come home with me
it'd be real neighborly of you well why
not
alright then a beer but you
I got just the thing let's raise some
hell neighbor oh I'm in Paulina do-si-do
one of my all-time favorite pastimes
you're gonna love this okay
you see them three big satellite dishes
a decent shot then they'll go down
easier than a whores drawers
you're a real pillar of the community
yeah that's it give them hell sure
another one
no more reality TV for you mrs. Gilbert
okay one more for boom didn't I tell you
this would be more fun than a barrel
full of pussies
oh you're a classy day Cletus no denying
that yeah
now drive us up to that abandoned Motel
I got an even better idea
holy can
forget something did you so what now
we're gonna try our luck on something
less stationary ooh
liberals no finish slippery is that
you'll see well take care you go man
you've got way too much time on your
hands
man this is just a bit of foolery I've
been busier than hell with the real
huntin the money and wives organic meat
these days then histories will give you
their parents last dime for it it's
gotten so I can't even keep up with the
demand no more all this eat local slump
match farm-to-table bullshit you know I
could maybe use another pair of hands if
I can get you up to snuff with that
rifle you keep on criticizing my
shooting you'll be starring in a snuff
with that rifle here we are I bet you
never shut out the tires on the car
before oh you'd be surprised
well let's see what you got then hey you
gonna shoot anything Cletus yeah do this
oh why are you getting all ornery
this is perfect right here pick a car
and shoot a tire good plain
old-fashioned fun
that's it beauty and again Trevor
when in doubt take him out
hey skull one more just for the hell of
it not too bad
Trevor right let's change it up come on
follow me use two feathers telling time
in small-town America don't get much
better than this does it
the two most popular guys in town am I
glad I ran into you ain't nowhere near
this fun being antisocial on your own
whatever cranks attractor I say what's
up next on the hillbilly anarchistic
Genda ever saw anything with a face
actually let me ask it again ever shot
anything with a face on four legs now
Cletus it's important you realize I'm a
man plagued by vicious rumors fine let's
head for the roof
I've seen some coyotes hanging around
down by the road reckon it would be real
neighborly of us to get rid of a couple
and we are nothing if not neighborly
smelled you coming
we'll get a better shot from up here
all right I seem looks like we got two
packs of coyotes down there take a few
of them out and the rest should scatter
Jesus hey was right about you
drop it that should do it nicely done
I reckon you should tag along next time
I go hunting out at Pulido babe I'll
show you how to bag an elk
why not all right gotta go
I'll send you a text when I'm about
I'm out